feat: Mention default storage class in Magnum how-to (#186)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/openstack/magnum/kubectl.md

kube-system   npd-5p6gk                                    1/1     Running   0          165m
kube-system   openstack-cloud-controller-manager-44rz9     1/1     Running   0          167m
```

## Defining a default storage class

An OpenStack Magnum-managed cluster does not automatically define a default [storage class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/) for [dynamic volume provisioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/dynamic-provisioning/).

> You should define it immediately upon cluster creation.

Reviewer: Following on the previous sentence, I would change that one into the following:

```suggestion
So after creating your new cluster, you should define a storage class immediately.
```

(The way I see it ---and I may be wrong on the percentage---, leaving the original sentence would have 1,27% of the readers believe that the whole section was generated by an AI.)

Author: Erm, no. That doesn't sound like an improvement to me. This does, tough:
```suggestion
You should define one immediately upon cluster creation.
```
